c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\HospiceMalta.dll.config
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\HospiceMalta.dll
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\HospiceMalta.pdb
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\Common.dll
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\Common.pdb
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\obj\Debug\HospiceMalta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\obj\Debug\HospiceMalta.dll
c:\users\julian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\obj\Debug\HospiceMalta.pdb
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HospiceMalta\HospiceMalta\bin\HospiceMalta.XML
